Husband, you said you wanted to surprise me.
Just ask me in front of everyone
You've changed. What do you want?
I'm divorcing Linmer
It's interesting to follow the river and demolish the bridge
How can Mr. Lin be so ruthless?
Should leave
I was also forced
After Linmer returned from suicide
Temperament destruction
You are tyrannical
Murder relatives
I'm no longer the Limer I loved so much
Since I'm so unbearable
Then why don't you before I give you Lin's?
Kick me away
I had hoped to influence you
But you make it worse.
For the future of the Lin Group
So that I won't be the next victim
That's all I had to do.
Lin Meng
You wouldn't have attempted suicide.
Are you mentally ill?
Women should be at home with their husbands and children
Why not match?
It's long overdue to step down as president
Are you sure you want a divorce?